README.markdown, before:

# Quickmail

Quickmail is a Moodle block that provides selective, bulk emailing within courses.

## Features

* Multiple attachments
* Drafts
* Signatures
* Filter by Role
* Filter by Groups
* Optionally allow Students to email people within their group.

## Download

Visit [Quickmail's Github page][quickmail_github] to either download a package or clone the git repository.

## Installation

Quickmail should be installed like any other block. See [the Moodle Docs page on block installation][block_doc].

## Contributions

Contributions of any form are welcome. Github pull requests are preferred.

File any bugs, improvements, or feature requiests in our [issue tracker][issues].

## Screenshots

![Block][block]

---

![Email][email]

---

![Signatures][signature]

---

![Configuration][config]

[quickmail_github]: https://github.com/lsuits/quickmail
[block_doc]: http://docs.moodle.org/20/en/Installing_contributed_modules_or_plugins#Block_installation
[block]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/block.png
[config]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/config.png
[signature]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/signature.png
[email]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/email.png
[issues]: https://github.com/lsuits/quickmail/issues

Commit message:

Add note about license to README

README.markdown, after:

# Quickmail

Quickmail is a Moodle block that provides selective, bulk emailing within courses.

## Features

* Multiple attachments
* Drafts
* Signatures
* Filter by Role
* Filter by Groups
* Optionally allow Students to email people within their group.

## Download

Visit [Quickmail's Github page][quickmail_github] to either download a package or clone the git repository.

## Installation

Quickmail should be installed like any other block. See [the Moodle Docs page on block installation][block_doc].

## Contributions

Contributions of any form are welcome. Github pull requests are preferred.

File any bugs, improvements, or feature requiests in our [issue tracker][issues].

## License

Quickmail adopts the same license that Moodle does.

## Screenshots

![Block][block]

---

![Email][email]

---

![Signatures][signature]

---

![Configuration][config]

[quickmail_github]: https://github.com/lsuits/quickmail
[block_doc]: http://docs.moodle.org/20/en/Installing_contributed_modules_or_plugins#Block_installation
[block]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/block.png
[config]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/config.png
[signature]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/signature.png
[email]: https://tigerbytes2.lsu.edu/users/pcali1/work/email.png
[issues]: https://github.com/lsuits/quickmail/issues
